in this video I want to just quickly
step you through the logistics of how to
work on homeworks in this process and
how to use the submission system which
will let you verify right away that you
got the right answer for your machine
learning programming exercise here's my
octave window and let's first go to my
desktop
I saved the files for my first exercise
some of the files on my desktop in this
directory Emma class II x1 and we
provide the number of files and ask you
to edit some of them so the first file
you should meet the detailed PDF file
for this programming exercise to get the
details but one of the files we also
edit is this file called warm-up
exercise where you know the exercise is
really just to make sure that you're
familiar with the submission system and
all you need to do is return the 5x5
identity matrix so you know the solution
to this exercise just show you is to
write a equals I five right so that
modifies this function to generate the
5x5 identity matrix and this function
warmup exercise now returns you know the
5x5 identity matrix and I'm just gonna
save it so I've done the first part of
this homework going back to my octave
window let's now go to my directory user
slash ng slash desktop slash and I'll
class - x1 and if I want to make sure
that I've you know implemented in some
type warm-up exercise like so and the
update returns to desta five by five
entity matrix that we just wrote the
code to create and I can now submit the
code as follow us on the type submit'
from this directory and I'm ready to
submit part 1 so when they enter your
choice one so let me find email address
so I'm going to go to the course website
and you know this list Maya this is an
internal testing site so your your
version of the website maybe look a
little bit different but there's my
email address and this is my submission
password and I'm just type them in here
so
NGH siesta centered on you and my
submission password is 975 u.s. sgf
enter it connects to the server and
submits it and right away it tells you
you know this is congratulations you've
successfully complete over in part one
and this gives you a verification that
you you you got this part right and if
you don't submit a right answer then you
know it will give you a message
indicating that you haven't quite gotten
it right yet and by the way um you can
also call you can use this submission
password and you can generate new
passwords it doesn't matter but you can
also use your regular website login
password but because you know this
password here is typed in clear text you
know on your monitor we gave you this
extra submission password in case you
don't want to type in your website's
normal password onto a window that
depending on your operating system this
password may or may not appear as text
when you type it into the octaves of
submission script so that's how you
submit the homeworks after you've done
it good luck and I hope you get when you
get around to homeworks I hope you get
all of them right and finally in the
next and final octave tutorial video I
want to tell you about vectorization
which is a way to get your octave code
to run much more efficiently